# Vue Storefront Shopify Template

Vue Storefront 2 template for Shopify. To contribute or if you are assigned a task to work on bizycs.com refer the instructions below and create a separate branch naming the task or contribution to the project.

## Setup
1. Create a developers account at shopify with shopify.dev.

2. Ask me here at rails_dev@codengine.org for a CSV file to upload products.

3. Once the account is created create a store on the developers portal and create a private app by first clicking app, then 
manage private apps. Make sure to have storefront enabled to be able retrieve the front-end data. The private API settings can be left blank since we are not using themekit and instead will be calling the data from the Shopify storefront API.

4. Create a `.env` inline with `middleware.config.js` file and fill the following required variables

```bash
SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_TOKEN=<SHOPIFY_ACCESS_TOKEN>
SHOPIFY_DOMAIN=<SHOPIFY_DOMAIN> # example: vsf-next-pwa.myshopify.com
```

More specifically add in the tokens and domain from the developers portal on shopify to the .env file and I believe I already have middleware.config.js preconfigured for the website. 

5. Run the project

``` bash
# install dependencies
$ yarn install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ yarn dev

# I would not be worried about the other steps below as the steps below are for deployment than contributing or working on a task given.

# build for production and launch server
$ yarn build
$ yarn start
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, check out [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org) / [Vue Storefront Docs](https://docs.vuestorefront.io/v2/).

## Contributing

This repository is autogenerated. If you want to contribute to Shopify integration please use https://github.com/vuestorefront/shopify.
